---
title: Resume
description: Resume
header:
---

# Zhouqiao Zhao

bridgeaffiliation@gmail.com        614-599-7067

-----

## Research Interests

* Robotics

* Computer Vision

* Machine Learning

----

## Education

### The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, US
M.S., Electrical and Computer Engineering, May 2017				     GPA: 3.48/4
* **Relative coursework:** Computer Vision, Pattern Recognition, Digital Signal Processing, State Space control, Linear Systems, Nonlinear Systems, Intelligent Control, Autonomy in Vehicles, Powertrain Control, Advanced Microcomputer, Project Management

### University of Electronic Science and Technology of China, Sichuan, China
B.S., Electronic and Information Engineering, June 2016		   		GPA: 3.70/4
* **Relative coursework:** signal processing and basic digital & artificial circuit, image processing, information theory, radar system
* **Scholarships: ** Second Ranking Scholarship (2014, 2013), Third Ranking Scholarship (2012)
* **Honors: ** Outstanding Graduate Scholarship of School of Electronic Engineering (2016), Outstanding Contribution Award of Student Union of School of Electronic Engineering (2014)
### Online Course
* Algorithmic Toolbox by University of California, San Diego & Higher School of Economics on Coursera
* Robotics: Perception by University of Pennsylvania on Coursera
* Control of Mobile Robots by Georgia Institute of Technology on Coursera

----

## Project Experience

### F1/10 Autonomous Racing, Columbus, OH, Team Project
Sept. 2017 ~ Jan. 2017
* Objective: design, build, and test an autonomous 1/10th scale F1 race car with the capabilities of perception, planning, and control for autonomous navigation
* Designed and analyzed the path planning algorithm with team  
* Designed the low-level control for the actuators with team
### UAV Based L-band Radiometer for Soil Moisture Mapping, Columbus, OH, Team Project
Sept. 2017 ~ Jan. 2017
* Objective: build an airborne radiometer on fixed-wing and rotorcraft platforms, demonstrate in-flight data collection and mapping
* In the team of data handling, calibrated and tested the microcontroller board
### Traffic Surveillance and Modeling, Columbus, OH, Team Project
May 2016 ~ May 2017
* Extracted freeway vehicles driving information based on high-resolution cameras with the team
* Applied traffic flow theory to analyze the extracted data to build a precise car following model and to describe its properties (As the Master Degree Graduation Exam Project)
### Action Units Classifier Design, Columbus, OH, Individual Project 
Oct. 2016 ~ Dec. 2016
* Designed classifiers with small verification error to identify facial action units in face images using Matlab
* LDA, PCA algorithm and nearest-mean classifier method were applied to training the classifier
### Motorcade Following Simulation with Robot, Columbus, OH, Individual Project
Jan. 2016 ~ Apr. 2016
* Designed a logic for three robots equipped with LIDAR to execute vehicle identification and following
* V2V ability and V2I ability were used to improve the control logic
### 3D Structure Recovering, Columbus, OH, Individual Project 
Oct. 2015 ~ Dec. 2015 
* Recovered 3D structure of a rigid object with its texture from pictures that capture the different perspectives using Matlab
* Used Camera calibration algorithm and Affine Structure from Motion algorithm

----

## Working Experience

### Tsinghua Unigroup Ltd. Self-driving Vehicle Reseach Group
Mar. 2018 ~ Jul. 2018
### Student Research Assistant with the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering of OSU
Sept. 2017 ~ Jan. 2018
* Assist in the management of Laboratory day - to - day affairs
* Participate in the project of UAV Based L-band Radiometer for Soil Moisture Mapping

----

## Skills

### Programming Languages:
MATLAB, C++, C, Python, C#, Shell Script, HTML, Latex
### Platform& Frameworks:
MATLAB, Simulink, Visual Studio, Linux, Anaconda, ROS, Git, Arduino, Vim

----

## Language

* English (proficient)
* Mandarin (native)